it is often said in war truth is the
first casualty
example many experts have accused Israel
of using fabricated evidence to push its
narrative on the war in Gaza now
debunked by many take this video for
instance where the Israeli Army
spokesman Daniel hagari claimed to have
found tunnels used by Hamas leading to a
room under the rantis hospital in Gaza
next to his house there is a tunnel the
video then cut to the hospital basement
where the Army said a list on the wall
written in Arabic had the names of Hamas
Fighters guarding Israeli captives the
only thing is it was a calendar with the
days of the week this is Hamas using
hospitals as human shield and here
Israel officials claim to have found a
pristine copy of Hitler's mind camp in a
child's bedroom in Gaza
and more questions are being asked about
the alleged evidence Israel is
presenting in this video released by the
Israeli Army a military spokesman points
to an AK-47 he says was found at alifa
hospital military kit for one Hamas
terrorist but investigations by Major us
and UK media Outlets suggest the Israeli
Army may have rearranged the weapons
before international news agencies were
allowed to visit the side there is a an
AK-47 that's prompted questions about
the authenticity of the so-called
Discovery Israel's uh efforts online uh
to try to win the information War really
are not going very well I've never seen
uh government propaganda fall apart as
quickly and be rejected as widely as we
have seen in the case of uh the
escalation since October 7th
experts warned that misinformation and
propaganda blur fact and fiction
affecting Global perception of Israel's
war on
Gaza last month US President Joe Biden
received criticism for echoing
unverified Israeli claims of beheaded
babies initially supported by so-called
confirmed pictures he mentioned only to
be retracted by the White House shortly
after while initial backing for Israel
is now fading sympathy Across the
Western World appears to be shifting to
the Palestinians who are enduring a
humanitarian
catastrophe Israel is not winning the
information war in fact Israel is losing
the information war and again I think
there are a number of reasons children
mutilated by bombing dead children they
speak for themselves in Gaza it's bombs
and guns that are dominating on the
ground but the perception of Israel's
attacks is also just as important nadab
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer